**Team Meeting - Iteration 1
02 October 2021/ 1:00 PM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Channel_create, channel_list and channel_listall functions had to be finished

*New Business*
- Assigning channel_invite, channel_detail, channel_join and channel_messages to team members and coming to a consensus on how the function is to be run. 

**Notes**
- Tested channel_create function which was modified by Crystal before the meeting.
- Spent time in meeting understanding changes to list ??channels?? which was being stored in data_store.py

**Action Items**
- Devansh: will work on channel_invite and channel_join
- Crystal: will work on channel_messages as much as possible and will pass on to Jiayang to finish
- Jiayang: will work on finish channel_details and work on channel_messages tomorrow

**Next Meeting Agenda**
09 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Adding tasks to the issue board for iteration 2, with more details. 
- Fixing failed tests in iteration 1




****Team Meeting - Iteration 2 Feedback Fixing**
09 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees** 
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Channel_invite, channel_join, channel_details and channel_messages functions had to be finished

*New Business*
- Adding tasks to the issue board for iteration 2, with more details. 
- Fixing failed tests in iteration 1
- Applying feedback from iteration - so implementing better style, adding comments and docstrings and better variable names.

**Notes**
- We've added docstrings to all functions and comments to test functions
- Talked a bit about pylint and how we can improve it by removing unused variables as given by the feedback. 
- Talked about what to be done before next meeting

**Action Items**
- Devansh: fix up channel_create, channel_join and channel_invite code
- Crystal:  fix up channel_list and channel_list all code and edit test functions. Remove unused variables.
- Jiayang: fix up channel_details and channel_messages code

**Next Meeting Agenda**
14 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Talk about pylint and how to fix style and where it??s failing
- Talk about if code from iteration 1 has been all fixed and what still needs to be done in terms of this.




****Team Meeting - Iteration 2 **
14 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees **
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Fixing failed tests in iteration 1

*New Business*
- Talk about pylint and how to fix style and where it??s failing
- Talk about if code from iteration 1 has been all fixed and what still needs to be done in terms of this.

**Notes**
- Fixed channel_details needs failing code as a group
- Fixed the counter flags as per the feedback.

**Action Items**
- Everyone: Watch iteration 2 video, rewatch lectures 4.2 and 4.3 if needed. 

**Next Meeting Agenda**
16 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Has everyone watched the video, and started implementing iteration 2




****Team Meeting - Iteration 2 **
16 October 2021/ 2:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees **
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Started iteration 2 and watched a video. 

*New Business*
- Work together to fix any errors we have run into

**Notes**
- Worked on adding issues to issue board together, assigned tasks and due dates to each
- Went over the basics over http servers and parts we were confused about

**Action Items**
- Finishing watching all lecture videos completely and start implemented v2 functions

**Next Meeting Agenda**
19 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Work together to fix any errors we have run into
- Assign the next lot of functions/features




****Team Meeting - Iteration 2 **
19 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees** 
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Check iteration 1 features and if they??ve been incorporated into server.py

*New Business*
- Work together to fix any errors we have run into
- Assign the next lot of functions/features

**Notes**
- Assigned next lot of features/functions
- Talked about what needs to be completed ASAP
- Talked about tokens
- Went over any confusions related to the project

**Action Items**
- In previous functions such as auth.py, channel.py and channels.py,  where input and access errors were raised, add ??description?? within them (look at auth.py on the ??auth_features_v2?? branch)
- Finish 100% adding iteration 1 functions to server.py and their tests. Adding assumptions alongside the function, add descriptions to functions in the issue board. 

**Next Meeting Agenda**
21 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what needs to be done, priorities and re-assigning functions to others who don??t have extra assignments etc.




****Team Meeting - Iteration 2 **
21 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees **
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Check iteration 1 features completed well

*New Business*
- Check features, fix errors together and submit merge requests

**Notes**
- Re-assigned some features/functions
- Talked through 500 error, Devansh was getting
- Created a merge request for patch-3 branch as we made some changes in assumption.md
- Created a merge request for auth_features_v2 branch as we added http tests and updated server.py, auth.py, channels.py and channel.py

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: finish channel_details and channel_messages by tonight/tomorrow morning
- Crystal: finish user features on friday
- Devansh: finish channel_invite and channel_join today, and start completing dm features
-  Adding assumptions alongside the function, add descriptions to functions in the issue board. 
- Create a merge request before 5:00pm once channel_invite and channel_join are done.

**Next Meeting Agenda**
23 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, priorities and re-assigning functions to others who don??t have extra assignments etc.




**Team Meeting - Iteration 2
23 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D'Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

*Last Meeting Follow-up*
- Check features completed well

*New Business*
- Check features, fix errors together and submit merge requests

**Notes**
- Talked through 500 error, and 400 error, Devansh was getting
- Talked about priorities, where we are, what we have to do. 

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: finish channel_details and channel_messages by tonight/tomorrow morning and his other 5 features. 
- Crystal: finish channel_add_owner, channel_remove and channel_leave
- Devansh: finish dm features and messages_send
- Adding assumptions alongside the function, add descriptions to functions in the issue board. 

**Team Meeting - Iteration 3 
02 November 2021/ 10:00 AM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D’Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Consolidate Feedback received from iteration 2

**New Business**
- Start fixing features from iteration 2 and finishing the ones which weren’t done

**Notes**
- Talked through deadline for iteration 2 features to be friday 5th November
- Checked on where everyone is at

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: To finish messages features and admin
- Crystal: To fix up iteration 2 features that failed autotest
- Devansh: To fix up iteration 2 features that failed autotest

**Next Meeting Agenda**
07 November 2021/ 1:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and look at priorities.



**Team Meeting - Iteration 3 
07 November 2021/ 1:00 PM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D’Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Checked on where everyone is at, start iteration 3 features

**New Business**
- Complete Issue board with iteration 3 features

**Notes**
- Edited the issue board to include new issues relating to the iteration 3 features
- So far have not run into any issues

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: To finish messages features and admin and work on iteration 3 messages features
- Crystal:work on iteration 3 messages features
- Devansh: work on iteration 3 messages features

**Next Meeting Agenda**
09 October 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together



**Team Meeting - Iteration 3 
09 November 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D’Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together

**New Business**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together

**Notes**
- Created a document and started requirements, adding structure and figuring out who will interview, along with the questions we will ask.
- Checked in where everyone is at. 


**Action Items**
- Jiayang: work on iteration 3 messages features and add more test to admin features
- Crystal:work on iteration 3 messages features
- Devansh: work on iteration 3 messages features

**Next Meeting Agenda**
11 October 2021/ 10:00 AM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together



**Team Meeting - Iteration 3 
09 November 2021/ 12:00 PM / TEAM APP**

**Attendees **
Crystal D’Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together

**New Business**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together

**Notes**
- Checked in where everyone is at.
 

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: continue to work on iteration 3 messages features and add more test to admin features
- Crystal:  continue to work on iteration 3 messages features
- Devansh:   continue to  work on iteration 3 messages features

**Next Meeting Agenda**
14 October 2021/ 6:00 PM / TEAM APP
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together




**Team Meeting - Iteration 3 
14 November 2021/ 6:00 PM / TEAM APP**


**Attendees** 
Crystal D’Cunha, Jiayang Jiang,  Devansh Bhimsaria

**Agenda**

**Last Meeting Follow-up**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together

**New Business**
- Evaluate what still needs to be done, and work on any bugs together + work on requirements

**Notes**
- Checked in where everyone is at. 
- Worked on requirements, state diagrams, user stories, use cases - finished all in meeting

**Action Items**
- Jiayang: continue to work on iteration 3 messages features
- Crystal:  continue to work on iteration 3 messages features
- Devansh:   continue to  work on iteration 3 messages features


